>>SEAN STONE Are you
being mind controlled?
Let's enter the "Buzzsaw."
[THEME MUSIC]
[EXPLOSION]
Welcome to "Buzzsaw," where
we cut through the mainstream
narrative to explore
the hidden truths.
I'm your host, Sean Stone.
And joining me today
is Dr. John Hall.
He is a medical doctor
from San Antonio, Texas,
and the author of "Satellite
Terrorism in America."
His new book is "Guinea Pigs--
Technologies of Control."
He is also an active member of
the Mind Science Foundation,
dedicated to the study
of human consciousness.
And he sits on the medical
committee of the human rights
organization Freedom From Covert
Harassment and Surveillance.
So today we pick his brain
on the "eye in the sky."
And I want to start by asking
you about what does it mean
to be a targeted individual?
>>DR. JOHN HALL: There is a
subset of the population right
now that are complaining of
targeting, specifically being
followed everywhere they go,
on to the extent of hearing
voices, suffering from
directed energy attacks--
really weird happenings
in their life that
are unexplainable by
any other normal means.
It seems to be experimentation
probably at its root.
>>SEAN: Mm.
So, well, I want to get into
the government history of it.
But I want to talk about
your personal history,
first and foremost,
because you have
personal experience with this.
And that's what,
I believe, got you
interested in the subject, no?
>>HALL: That's exactly it.
I had a ex-fiance that
came to me voicing some
of these really odd phenomena.
No history of mental illness.
No history of drug
use or alcohol use.
So I had no reason
not to believe
that something was going on.
She was being followed by
people she didn't know.
Was hearing voices around her
describing her whereabouts
and in her locations.
So she was scared to
go to anybody else.
She trusted me,
so she came to me.
And we counter-surveilled her.
I actually set up
counter-surveillance measures,
including people
following her around
to see who was following her.
And indeed, she was
being followed around
by a group of private
investigators, a company that
was owned and operated
by a former FBI agent.
They had rented condominiums
on either side of her,
were drugging her food
and water with Rohypnol,
committing sexual
assaults-- essentially
kind of using her
as a sex slave.
We did get all the information
on the plate numbers,
information on the entity that
was doing the following-- doing
the stalking.
Went to the police.
At that time, the Texas
State laws on stalking
were not that great.
You had to prove bodily
injury before you
could get a restraining order.
And certainly, if you're former
FBI or if you're a licensed PI,
there was almost
nothing you could do.
A combination of our case
and another case where
a victim actually was
murdered by her stalker
were what got the stalking
laws in Texas changed
to where now if you notice
the same person following you
twice, you can actually get a
restraining order against them.
So at the time, since I
seemed to-- we couldn't
get any help from
law enforcement,
decided to basically write the
story of my first book, "A New
Breed-- Satellite
Terrorism in America,"
basically to expose
that it's going on.
Well, unbeknownst to me,
once I did a couple of radio
shows introducing the
book, was bombarded
with thousands and
thousands of emails
of people describing the
exact type of stalking
in other cities.
>>SEAN: So in terms
of your experience,
you say these guys
are former FBI agents.
But there was no government
control apparatus
that you noticed.
It seemed to be simply
former government agents who
were utilizing
instruments and power that
had been allocated to them
from their previous job?
>>HALL: Well, I mean,
I think they're still
holding clearances
because, you know,
this isn't technology that you
and I can Google and get a pass
code and be able to access.
You have to have a
clearance to do this.
And I think after some of the
initial mind-control studies
through MKUltra and
other programs-- we
had the Rockefeller Commission.
We had the Church
Committee hearings.
They kind of got
their hand slapped.
So I think they've
kind of moved it
into the private sector
basically using subcontractors.
As you know, there's more
people with clearances now
outside government
than there are inside.
>>SEAN: Precisely.
The privatization of
power has been tremendous.
Now, you say, you mentioned
certain surveillance
instruments that they had to
utilize government clearances
to access.
What type?
Because you mentioned Rohypnol
and basic gang stalkings.
But what technologies
were they using?
>>HALL: The technology that
appears that they're using
is a form of technology called
remote neural monitoring.
And if you look
back in the '70s,
they worked on this early
in the '70s as a way
to monitor pilots,
where you shoot
two dissimilar frequencies
into the brain.
Each hemisphere will entrain
a different frequency.
When those two hemispheres
with two different frequencies
compete, they spit out an
interference frequency.
And then it was found
that you could actually
decode the EEG out of that
interference frequency.
The intended-- at
least the alleged
intended use was to monitor
pilots for hallucinations
and delusions and sleepiness.
That way, you could
buzz them to wake them
back up when they're flying
these 48-hour sorties
during wartime.
Well, once they figured
out that you could actually
entrain that EEG and cause
changes in mindfulness, changes
in attitude, changes
in emotion, it
began being used on
those parameters.
Kind of one of
the earliest forms
we saw that was
actually the Woodpecker
signal at the embassy in
Moscow, where they noticed
that every time
Nixon went there,
he'd have emotional
disturbances,
emotional breakdowns.
And they figured out that
certain ELF-wave signals
specifically can
entrain into the brain.
And one way to think of
it is having a EEG catalog
of different EEG
waveforms that correspond
to emotional states of
depression or anger, you know.
And once you entrain
the brain with that EEG,
then that person
will demonstrate
that state of emotion.
>>SEAN: So you're
saying they can not only
monitor the emotional
state but actually
program the emotional
state into the person.
>>HALL: Exactly.
>>SEAN: Remotely.
>>SEAN: Hmm.
>>HALL: And along with
that also comes the ability
to communicate because
it was actually
found that using
microwave energy
and using ELF-wave technology
that you could actually
communicate with someone in a
pseudo-telepathic kind of way.
There's two things that
you'll hear from victims.
And we saw this
with my ex-fiance
that I wrote about, that not
only would she hear voices
in her head, like many of the
targeted individuals here,
but she would hear voices
in her surroundings
that seemed to be
amplified by vibrations.
And that's the most
common thing you
see with a lot of these
targeted individuals.
They'll describe that when
I'm underneath a ceiling fan,
I'll hear voices in the ceiling
fan or voice patterning.
One of the first things we
noticed is in aquarium pumps,
running water actually has
a strong vibratory source
to amplify incoming
transmissions.
And you could hear voice
patterning and then
over time with enough
concentration actually
hear the communication.
Oddly, this seems to
be person-specific.
So even though the person
sitting right next to you
may actually hear these voices
and hear these communications,
you may not, sitting
right next to them.
It still seems to be
magnitude and frequency
specific to the individual.
>>SEAN: Right, right.
Obviously, we are basically
water and various molecules
that are vibrating at
certain frequencies.
So the idea is if they
can figure out your basic
frequency-- operating frequency
for your brain-- then--
>>HALL: It's specific to you.
>>SEAN: --they can get
specific into targeting you.
>>HALL: Yeah.
>>SEAN: Now, my question now
would be why your fiance?
Because it would seem it would
be costly for these ex-FBI guys
to basically just be harassing
her and monitoring her
just for sexual purposes, no?
>>HALL: Yeah.
And I think that's
a common question.
And that's what every targeted
individual hears eventually.
Why you?
I think at its root, it's
non-consensual experimentation.
I think that's why you're
seeing it so widespread.
As you know, they'll
tend to pick common folks
to do this kind of work on.
If you look at MKUltra or
any of the other mind-control
experimentations, they
didn't pick people
who had political clout or
who had financial clout.
They picked the common people
who have no way to fight back
and don't have the contacts
in order to stop it.
So I think the
best way to explain
it is there are individual
groups in every major city that
have access to the technology.
I think they're
allowed carte blanche
to use it however
they want to use it,
as long as the data gets
back to the agencies that
are responsible for
actually giving the release.
>>SEAN: Mm-hm.
So the idea would
be that this is
basic-- there's a long history
of abuse by the US government,
whether it's the
FBI and surveillance
and monitoring of targeted
populations and individuals,
right?
>>HALL: Oh, without question.
>>SEAN: And counterintelligence
programs to basically discredit
people more from
political perspectives,
to the CIA and NSA doing
various types of monitoring
and intelligence gathering.
But you're saying beyond
that, there's also
a history of actual
experimentation
by the government on
the population, correct?
>>HALL: Oh yeah.
The US government
has experimented
on the-- there's no laws against
the government experimenting
on the population.
John Glenn tried to pass
legislation through Congress
that was shot down.
Most people will focus on the
Nuremberg Code or the Helsinki
Accord and say, well,
these are the safeguards
against a tyrannical government
experimenting on the public.
Those are suggestions.
Those aren't American law.
You're not United
States legislation.
So the bottom line is
there are no safeguards.
As a matter of fact, we had
the Bioethics Commissions
that were held-- six different
meetings-- after they found out
that Nicaraguans
were experimented on
with weaponized syphilis
bacteria and gonorrhea
bacteria.
And the purpose of the
Bioethics Commission
was to determine if any
non-consensual experimentation
was still ongoing, sponsored
by the United States,
either here or abroad.
Well, I spoke at one
of these meetings,
and they had a public
forum in each one.
Each public forum had over
1,000 people, and all of them
were voicing complaints
of mind-control technology
and directed energy attacks.
At the end of the
day, they basically
said that there was no evidence
of any ongoing non-consensual
experimentation.
You know, and despite having
those kind of numbers showing
up complaining of just that.
>>SEAN: Well, what
are the numbers
you've seen as far as
people across America who
seem to be targeted and
are not just coming out
of a mental hospital or have
a history of mental health
but genuinely having issues
of being targeted, as far
as whether it's private
or private companies
or potentially
government behind it?
What do the numbers look like?
>>HALL: Based on
surveys that we've
done through Freedom From
Surveillance and Harassment
and other human
rights groups, it
looks to be about anywhere
from 200,000 to 300,000 people
in the United States.
Now, that's just in
the United States.
Now, I get emails
from people globally
and messages to the office
from people globally every day.
So this is a global problem.
And I think every
industrialized nation probably
has worked on this technology
or derived it from us
to work on their own programs.
>>SEAN: And there's
obviously-- there's precedent.
There's historical precedent.
We talked-- you
mentioned MKUltra.
And obviously Army-- Tuskegee
experiments on black people--
injecting them with
syphilis, I believe it was.
>>HALL: Yeah.
>>SEAN: So what
is it that-- what
would be your main go-to
arguments historically
for the main precedent
that people could say, oh,
this doesn't happen.
Well, look at these cases.
What are the main ones?
>>HALL: Well, and
that's the argument
I lay out in my latest
book "Guinea Pigs."
The first few
chapters are based on
non-consensual experimentation
in our country.
We've long experimented
on children
in homes for the mentally ill.
Some of the earliest forms
at least of this technology
were actually on prisoners
in Utah state prison,
where we had five prisoners that
talked about actually having
voices placed in their head.
They were placed in
a room by themselves
where they describe that
the electromagnetic energy
in the room was so heavy that
they had a hard time getting
off their cots.
One particular prisoner said
that it was very evident
that the voices he was
hearing in his head
were responding appropriately
to his thoughts.
This was in the
'70s and early '80s.
And then you mentioned MKUltra.
That all came out in
Freedom of Information.
Those were the 189
sub-projects, all
geared at trying to figure
out how to remotely control
a human being.
And it was complete research.
It was research based
on childhood behavior
all the way up through brain
implantation that Delgado did.
So they didn't
really miss any facet
of experimenting
on or researching
on what makes a human
tick and how well you
can control a human.
>>SEAN: And we didn't even
know most of the MKUltra work
because most of it was
shredded, I believe.
It was only a little
bit that came out.
>>HALL: Most of it
was shredded, yeah.
What we did get were
the financial records.
That's what they were.
They were housed in
a different building.
And they'd avoided
being shredded.
So we did get to see what
front companies were created
and what universities
were taking part
in what looked like legitimate
research at the time.
>>SEAN: Mm-hm.
>>HALL: Interesting thing
is now we have the new brain
initiative, where they're going
to finish mapping the brain,
allegedly.
And a lot of that
research is being
done at McGill
University in Canada,
which McGill University
was one of the big players
with MKUltra.
So I don't think that's
any coincidence either.
>>SEAN: Absolutely.
So Snowden came out with these
disclosures a few years ago
saying, well, the NSA
is using private--
is accessing private companies'
data on people, right,
whether it be emails or
phone companies or whatnot
and collecting and
surveilling you that way.
And they can also
access your computer
and turn your
camera on-- I mean,
very basic, commonsense
things for anyone
who understood how the
intelligence community works.
And this was basically
a big surprise.
But this just seems to
be the tip of the iceberg
because these guys are far
beyond just surveilling us.
It seems to be they're
at the place of being
able to surveil and actually try
to mind-control and manipulate
us.
>>HALL: Snowden did us a
big favor by releasing that.
Yeah, he-- it was
stuff that I think
is graspable for the
normal population
that maybe isn't too educated
on exotic technologies.
But certainly,
what he did release
showed what targeted individuals
have been saying all along.
You could sit at a computer
and look at your emails
and see that somebody is
reading and erasing your emails
as you're looking at them.
We found out about the
interdiction program
through him, essentially where
our computers and our phones
are interdicted by the
NSA and pre-installed
with software and chips that
allow them to be monitored.
Even if you look at some
of the relationships
that the providers
like Google and AT&T
have formed with the NSA, that
they're basically giving them
inroads into the technology.
And even though
I've spoken mostly
about satellite-directed energy
weapons and things like that,
it's growing.
There's growing knowledge
that a lot of this
is being done through
our cell phones, too.
I don't think it's a mystery
that the government wanted
to make sure that the population
was actually allowed or given
smartphones if they
didn't already have them
because the technology
that's in the smartphone now
is-- there's a lot of ways to
monitor you through the phone
and track you through
the phone, as well, too.
>>SEAN: Certainly, GPS
on your phone, I mean.
And most of the apps
ask for your GPS.
So it would seem actually
the private corporations
could be utilizing as much
of basically the techniques
for surveillance and social
control as the government
because the
corporations would want
to use it for marketing purposes
and for sales-profit purposes,
no?
>>HALL: Well, even
more than GPS,
they have systems
now that can actually
monitor you in a Wi-Fi grid.
And that's through your phone.
As long as you're-- even if your
phone is not connected to where
you're looking for
a Wi-Fi signal,
it still will send push
notifications to your phone
and can monitor your whereabouts
based on an existing Wi-Fi
grid.
It's called Wi-Fi tracking.
And it's very popular right
now, especially in stores
because that way, as you
walk down the aisles,
they know what aisle you're on.
And they know what
ad to push to you
to make you interested in
buying whatever product
may be that on that aisle.
The other big one through
cell phone technology
now is called Bluetooth
Low Energy beacons.
And that's where they
actually constantly manipulate
your Bluetooth signal to be
able to track you spatially.
So--
>>SEAN: But it seems
that people-- part
of the reason I feel that
the millennials didn't really
respond that much to
Snowden's revelations
is because we've
already surrendered
our right to privacy.
That's very much the
basis of the various apps
like the Instagrams
and Snapchats
and the whole nature
of social media.
I mean, it goes back to
the creation of Facebook,
where some people suggested
the CIA may have been involved
because the CIA was asking at
that point for a way for people
to basically put their
social, political beliefs
in a basic hub and
locate themselves.
And that's what
Facebook does, right?
So do you see it as
that basically we've
surrendered to this
complete control apparatus?
>>HALL: Certainly, probably
anybody under the age of 40
or most under the age of 40.
You're right.
I think Facebook specifically
was started with money
from In-Q-Tel, which
is a venture capital
firm for the CIA.
I think it was a data-mining
tool from the beginning.
And how perfect is it?
You know, they don't have
to research you or do
any high-profile
counter-surveillance
or surveillance.
You're giving them all
the information they know.
The interesting thing
is on your comment
about the younger generation
already kind of giving up
is I do lectures on
right to privacy.
And one of the
first things I tell
people-- don't put
all your information
about your whereabouts
and what you're
doing on Facebook and online.
And the most typical answer I
get from a younger population
is what's it matter?
The government knows
everything already.
You're right.
They've already
essentially given up.
>>SEAN: Mm-hm.
But beyond being surveilled,
which is one thing.
Obviously, OK,
we're in a country
with this technology that makes
it much easier to communicate,
to know each
other's whereabouts.
There is that-- OK, there's
some level of knowledge.
But then there's a difference,
which is the actual abuse of it
and the actual use of these
mind-control technologies
and whatnot.
And I want to ask, what does
satellite terrorism mean?
Because you talk about this
idea of satellite terrorism,
using energy weapons
against us, the population.
So how does that
play a role in what
these corporations
and the government
are trying to do-- essentially
control the population?
>>HALL: Well, and I
think we call it that.
Or the title of
the book was listed
as that is because I
think any time you're
being attacked by something,
and there's absolutely
no reason for it.
I guess an account could
be made for if you were
a whistle-blower,
and your own agency
comes after you or something.
But most of the people I
deal with are common people.
They're doctors, lawyers,
janitors, teachers.
They're there from
the common ranks.
They're not radical political
opponents of the government.
They're not out trying to
overthrow the government.
Most of the people I've
dealt with don't even vote.
Yet they're being
experimented on.
So I think the reason we
chose the term terrorism
because they're having
pain inflicted on them
and actually having people
try to manipulate their belief
systems through
surveillance and attack
against their will, which
by definition is terrorism.
And it's being done by our
government on its own people.
>>SEAN: Mm-hm.
>>HALL: So that was the
reason for the title
of the book, my
first book, because I
don't think anyone
would recognize this
as I'm doing this
for the greater good,
for the surveillance
state, or for security.
I mean, these people
are being tortured.
If you talk to any amount of
them, they're sitting at home.
They lose their jobs.
When they do try to confide
in their physicians,
they're usually sent
to a psychiatrist.
They'll bring in
all their research.
And where there's
obviously three or four
different technological ways to
put voices in somebody's head,
but all the psychiatrist hears
is you're hearing voices.
>>SEAN: Right.
>>HALL: And we've been
all trained to understand
that if, well, if you're hearing
voices, you're mentally ill.
They never ask what
the voices are saying.
>>SEAN: Yeah.
>>HALL: Because
these people aren't
describing God talking to them
or angels talking to them.
They're describing
somebody letting
them know that they know
their whereabouts spatially.
Typically, what they
say the voices say is,
OK, you're walking
down the hallway.
You're going into the store.
You're getting in your car.
They make it very
obvious to the target
that they are being surveilled.
But the psychiatrist
won't hear that.
The psychiatrist, they focus
on you're hearing voices.
Let's rope you into
a monthly visit
and put you on some drugs.
>>SEAN: So beyond the issue of
mass control of the population
and using these terrorism
techniques for experimentation,
I wonder when I see
some of these mass
shooters-- I think of the
Tsarnaev brothers or James
Holmes, Adam Lanza-- and
how checked-out they look.
When I see their pictures,
right, these kids
look completely vacant.
Their eyes are vacant.
And given the history of
MKUltra and given the way
that we know government can
and these private corporations
in conjunction with government
can basically project voices
and terrorize and
target people, do
you think it's possible that
some of these mass shooters
or terrorists have
been mind controlled?
>>HALL: Oh, I don't
think it's possible.
I think it's happening.
As a matter of fact, two
of them I can point to you.
Aaron Alexis, the
Navy Yard shooter,
he had been in
contact with Freedom
for Information several times.
Had complained about
the voices in his head,
had complained about being
stalked and being followed.
His biggest complaint
was the sleep deprivation
they were causing on him.
As you remember, when he
went on his shooting rampage,
he carved "this
is my ELF weapon"
on the side of his shotgun.
The FBI in their release said
it was a cryptic message,
that they didn't
understand that why
he put that on the
end of his shotgun
or the side of his
shotgun, when in reality
that probably wasn't a crazy
guy going amok at the Navy Yard.
That was a vengeance shooting.
He had a clearance.
He worked loosely near
the technology with IT.
He thought that
some of the research
was being done at the Navy Yard.
And that was a
vengeance shooting.
>>SEAN: ELF meaning
Extremely Low Frequency--
>>HALL: Extremely Low
Frequency waves, yeah.
A lot of research has been
done in extremely low frequency
waves and their
ability to interact
with the nervous system.
>>SEAN: Mm-hm.
>>HALL: Another
shooter was Myron May
at the University of Florida.
This was a man educated.
Had been a prosecuting attorney
in Las Cruces, New Mexico.
Had moved to Florida to
start a new practice there,
and then went and
started a shooting
at the University of Florida.
Well, before he went
and did the shooting,
he actually had
sent out USB sticks
to several different people
with sort of his manifesto
and his reason for doing it.
Albeit I don't agree
with the reasoning,
his reasoning was that he had
to do something really horrible
to garner media
attention to the problem.
I think it's the
wrong attention,
and certainly we'd
try to dissuade anyone
from doing anything violent.
But that was his
take, that he had
been controlled long enough.
He wasn't going to be
controlled any longer
and that the only way the
media would cover mind control
was to do something
really deplorable.
>>SEAN: So is it possible that
there is a control apparatus
within the government
that utilize-- as you just
mentioned-- we know that
these private contractors are
implementing a lot of
the actual harassment.
But there could be some
branch, whether it's
deep within CIA or
NSA, that's actually
monitoring and deciding,
OK, this is a perfect patsy.
We're going to deploy this
person as our lone gunman
or a mass shooter, whether or
not the person actually does
the shooting or is
just blamed for it,
based on-- how do you say?--
based on basically culling
the archive of who they
already have available.
They basically amass
this population
that they're
targeting, harassing.
And then they can--
with some apparatus
where the government
can basically choose
and say, OK, we need
to do an operation.
This is the person we're going
to use as our fall guy for it.
>>HALL: Yeah, certainly.
I mean, there's always been
that apparatus in place.
You have to remember, the
initial studies with this
were completely designed to
create Manchurian candidates--
people they could
send out on missions
and then revert them back to
their normal personality state
after they had done something
in an altered personality state.
Well, the two parts of your
brain that control those
don't recognize each other
and don't know each other.
>>SEAN: Right.
>>HALL: So if I were to
control you to go do a bombing
and then bring you back
in as your own personality
and ask you about it,
you'll defend to the death
that you haven't done it.
So yeah, I think a lot of the
targeting that we're seeing now
probably is actually having
a selection of people that
can be used in that manner.
And that's a scary thought.
>>SEAN: Absolutely.
>>HALL: That's a ticking time
bomb, as a matter of fact.
>>SEAN: Well, absolutely it is.
Given the information
that you've come across
and the people that
are being harassed,
I mean, what are
techniques you tell
them to actually deal
with the harassment
and how to survive
this type of terrorism?
Because frankly, if
you are being targeted,
and you're hearing voices, and
you're being kept from sleep,
and all types of
techniques are being
used to stabilize your life,
how do you deal with that?
>>HALL: One of the things
I tell people personally
is to not try to convince
people that don't believe you
of what's going on.
This is so exotic, it is
so creepy, and so scary
that even people who may
kind of believe you really
don't want to know this exists.
It's one of those things that's
kind of swept under the rug.
Even though it's the most
complained-about crime
on the internet
today, there's nothing
being done about it really
except for people like you
that are helping expose it.
So one of the first
things I tell people is
don't go off trying to
convince your family
or trying to convince
co-workers that it's going on.
If you mention it, and
they don't believe it
or they question
it, just let it go.
There are human
rights organizations
that deal with
this, where you can
vent to people who
already understand you
and know what's happening.
The more violent or
the more aggressive
you get in trying to convert
people to believe you,
the more crazy you look.
And eventually, that's
going to sit you
in front of a psychiatrist who's
also not going to believe you.
All they're going to focus on
is if you're hearing voices,
they're going to put
you on medications
that have side effects
that still won't work.
The targeting will
still continue.
Now, in the case of
somebody who maybe really
is suffering from mental
illness-- you know,
schizophrenia-- the drugs
do work in schizophrenia.
Most schizophrenics, as long
as they take their medications,
do get better.
With targeting, the
psychiatric meds don't help.
And I've seen people who
have been falsely diagnosed
as schizophrenic forced
into medication treatment.
And then you talk to them later.
And they go, yeah,
I'm still hearing it.
And I've still got people
parking outside of my house.
I still got people following me.
And sometimes it is
hard to discriminate.
As a physician, I'm not going
to sit here and tell you
mental illness doesn't exist.
We both know it does.
But now we have
technologies out there
that are developed
specifically to mimic
those mental illnesses.
So to just turnkey
diagnose somebody
as schizophrenic or delusional
when we know of at least three
or four technologies that can
put voices in your head-- now
we know COINTELPRO
started gang stalking
and what I actually
term organized stalking.
It does exist.
There's too many
cases of it now that I
think it's time
that psychiatrists,
psychologists take
a second look.
And my whole take on this--
and the reason for my activism
and my books-- has been
that there's so many people
complaining about this now that
the complaints are identical--
not similar; they're
identical-- that maybe it's
time for another
congressional hearing
to get some subpoenas out there
to see if this technology is
being used on the public.
>>SEAN: Yeah.
>>HALL: Unfortunately,
we're asking
the exact people that are doing
it to us to help remedy it.
And that's been the problem.
>>SEAN: Well, and it's
an even deeper problem
is the fact that the police
force and the local police
force does nothing to protect
people because that just shows,
I guess, how in bed our
system is, essentially,
from the top down in
its control apparatus
all the way to the local and
county levels of policing.
>>HALL: And one
thing I will tell you
that I was happy to see at
one of the local PDs in Texas,
there was one lady
calling the police.
And she said, you know, my
garage doors are opening
and closing on their own.
My computer's going
off and on, on its own.
I'm hearing voices.
It sounds like a
buzz in the place.
I think I'm being
electronically harassed.
And I was happy to hear this.
Even though there's nothing
much the local police can really
do to help you with
that, they can certainly
help with the stalking.
And that's one of the things
I do tell these victims.
Make sure you
report the stalking.
There are stalking laws
in just about every state.
If you cannot mention the
rest of the exotic stuff,
they will help you
deal with stalking.
But this one officer did
show up to this lady's house.
And he said, it sounds like
what you're going through
is electronic harassment.
And honestly, I don't
know how to help you.
So I think there are
some officers that
are being educated on it now.
Maybe it's from seeing
some shows like this
or maybe reading books
that are written on it.
>>SEAN: Yeah.
>>HALL: I don't think they're
all endemically included
in the harassment.
I think there are good
officers out there that
still will try to come and
help you, at least not 5150 you
or send you to a psychiatrist.
And one of the steps
that we made recently
was out in Richmond,
California, where
we did meet with the
city council out there.
We kind of pleaded the case
that not everybody that
complains of this is crazy
because in California
specifically, a
lot of these people
were getting 5150ed,
which means forced entry
into a mental hospital
for evaluation.
The Richmond City
Council did agree
that to start a, basically, a
checklist that the police could
go through where if you're
not a danger to yourself
or voicing a danger to others
that they, instead of taking
those people in, would refer
them to organizations that
can help them understand
what's going through them.
And that's a huge step.
>>SEAN: Yeah, and it
seems like the whole point
is that books like yours,
programs like this discussing
it, making people
aware of the targeting
and the actual reality
of the situation
can hopefully enlighten
people so that they
don't look askance or
run away from someone
who claims to be targeted.
And I think the more
people are aware of this,
the more that we can
actually force a shift
and protect those who are
being targeted, right?
>>HALL: Yeah.
And I think it's working
because this is growing.
It's not going away.
It's not getting smaller.
I get 10 to 20 messages at
my office every morning.
And they're not medical.
It's not people seeking me
out for medical treatment.
It's people seeking me out
based for targeting every day.
Every day, my
secretary comes back.
And it's a stack of at least 20.
They need to talk to
you about targeting.
So it's growing.
And it's to the
point now where I
think if you talk to
just about anybody,
and you mention, you
know, have you ever heard
of this electronic harassment,
electronic targeting,
or organized stalking, just
about everybody will tell you,
yeah, I had a cousin.
Or I had a sister.
Or I knew a guy that
was talking about that.
And a lot of times, they'll say,
we thought he was kind of nuts.
But now there's so much
about it online and so much
being written about it
that it's got to be true.
And that's kind of what has
been the goal all along.
So--
>>SEAN: Absolutely.
Raise the awareness.
Well, thank you so much for
joining me today, Dr. Hall.
>>HALL: Thank you, Sean.
>>SEAN: And there
you have it, folks,
some fascinating insights
today from Dr. John Hall.
You may not agree with or
believe everything said here.
But I urge you to check out
his books-- "Guinea Pigs--
Technologies of Control"
and "A New Breed-- Satellite
Terrorism in America."
Remember, the road to
truth is a perilous path,
along the buzzsaw's edge.
I'm your host, Sean Stone.
You are the revolution.
[THEME MUSIC]